CasadiSolver with gradients cases addressed (#737)
pybop-team/PyBOP: papers/Hallemans et al/README.md

This directory contains the code used for [Hallemans et al.](http://arxiv.org/abs/2412.10896) article.

> Note: These scripts were ran using `PyBOP` v25.3, and are not maintained for future PyBOP releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: These scripts were run using `PyBOP` v25.3 and updated for v25.6, but are not maintained for future PyBOP releases.
```
